add change log for 1.1.0 release (#284)
medic/cht-android: CHANGELOG.md

# Release notes

## 1.1.0

> This release adds a border on the unbranded app to differentiate it from a production app since the unbrandeis dsometimes use for training purposes [#278](https://github.com/medic/cht-android/issues/278).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds a border on the unbranded app to differentiate it from a production app since the unbranded app is sometimes used for training purposes [#278](https://github.com/medic/cht-android/issues/278).
```
